authority
Authority, you are worthless
In broad daylight
Doing something like this at school
I'm not here to share
What are you talking about?
It's obviously your love and my will.
It's just that Mingming was kissing me before
You still turn your face and don't recognize people?
I don't have it. Why did you lie to me and slander me?
Watch you do this kind of thing
Not once or twice
God, why is Tianwei so shameless?
It looks pretty clear.
I didn't expect to play so slippery behind the scenes
Did you see it?
Tian Weiwei will not only be a judge
And you're still arguing with them privately
I still don't know with so many boys
This isn't me.
This is p's.
It's not true.
This isn't me.
This photo is ironclad
It's yours.
This isn't me.
Mom, if such a person can still participate in Haicheng Music
Contest words
My mom can't carry weight
Karen
I didn't expect you to be so determined
In the name of me and the Organizing Committee of Haicheng Music Competition
Announce your eligibility for this competition is invalid
And withdraw immediately